What we'll do now is we're going to
utilize some of this concepts and
move all of our code into
separate vuex modules.
So we're gonna take our store,
our getters, our actions and
then move them into separate vuex modules.
We're gonna move into the solution for
this particular exercise.
And for that,
I'm going to cd into my specific thing and
I'm currently checked
out in the right place.
I'm gonna show you what the code
looks like, because I think again,
it's valid for
you to see what exactly we are doing.
Let's look at what the code looks like.
So we have our instance of inventory and
then we have the machine state as well.
And again, don't worry about functionality
or anything cuz nothing is hooked up,
nothing works.
It's purely just to show you
the extrapolation of modules.